Menu:
About Lapland
Adventures
Contact us
Blog

Main section:

Visit Lapnad
This northernmost region of continental Europe is the best destination for your winter adventures.
Come and explore


Responsible section:

Travel responsibly
Donec tempor dapibus porttitor. Donec vehicula fermentum nisl nec ullamcorper. Nullam porttitor massa a leo suscipit vestibulum. Donec mollis pulvinar sagittis.


About section

About Lapland
Come to experience the real snowy winter, dog sledding and cross-country skiing. Meet the Sami people - the indigenous inhabitants of Lapland, skilled reindeer herders. And, above all, observe the northern lights in their full beauty.
Nunc ultricies sem id augue volutpat, eu convallis neque aliquet. Nunc est dolor, placerat eu felis ut, accumsan semper arcu. Aliquam placerat pellentesque accumsan. Aliquam lacinia scelerisque lacinia.
Travel with us


Adventures section:

Our adventures
Come to experience the real snowy winter, dog sledding and cross-country skiing. Meet the Sami people - the indigenous inhabitants of Lapland, skilled reindeer herders. And, above all, observe the northern lights in their full beauty.
Aurora Hunting
Come and see the most beautiful phenomenon in the world - the northern lights
Read more
Winter Hiking
Wandering in the unspoilt snowy landscape is pure magic
Read more
Dogsledding
Discover Lapland standing on a sled behind your team of Husky’s
Read more
Wildlife spotting
Prepare your camera and meet the most beautiful animals of Lapland
Read more


Team section:

Meet our team
Alice Jonsson
Aliquam placerat pellentesque accumsan. Aliquam lacinia scelerisque lacinia.
Erik Svensson
Nunc est dolor, placerat eu felis ut, accumsan semper arcu. Aliquam lacinia scelerisque lacinia.
Inga Lund
Nunc est dolor, placerat eu felis ut, accumsan semper arcu. Aliquam placerat pellentesque accumsan. Aliquam lacinia scelerisque lacinia. Aliquam lacinia scelerisque lacinia.
Maya Eriksson
Nunc est dolor, placerat eu felis ut, accumsan semper arcu. Aliquam placerat pellentesque accumsan.


Quote section:

Amazing experience, the tour to Sweden had a great balance between free time and activities. The guides and transportation crew were all incredibly helpful and welcoming. Big Thank you to the support during the trip with changes, questions, responsive, assertive, etc.
Veronica, United States
March 9, 2021


Contact section:

Contact us
Name:
E-mail:
Tell us your story:
Send


Footer:
163 Kauppinen
98 192, Kiruna
Sweden
Visit Lapland 2020
